
# Joint IDCG-PWECG TPAC meeting 
Scheduled: 13 Oct 2020, 2-4pm UTC

## Agenda

1. Any addition/modification to CEPC that could encourage a better and more inclusive environment
2. CEPC training plan
3. IDCG issues that have a PWE angle 
  - [#15: Review our terminology](https://github.com/w3c/idcg/issues/15)
  - [#17: Create inclusive language references](https://github.com/w3c/idcg/issues/17)
  - [#19: Create WG welcome emails](https://github.com/w3c/idcg/issues/19)
  - [#20: Create group specific info pages](https://github.com/w3c/idcg/issues/20)

4. What other training people might be interested in?
